README.md, before:

# kademlia_routing_table

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Project%20SAFE-Approved-green.svg)](http://maidsafe.net/applications) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL3-green.svg)](https://github.com/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table/blob/master/COPYING)

**Primary Maintainer:** David Irvine (david.irvine@maidsafe.net)

|Crate|Linux/OS X|ARM (Linux)|Windows|Coverage|Issues|
|:---:|:--------:|:---------:|:-----:|:------:|:----:|
|[![](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/kademlia_routing_table)](https://crates.io/crates/kademlia_routing_table)|[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table)|[![Build Status](http://ci.maidsafe.net:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=kademlia_routing_table_arm_status_badge)](http://ci.maidsafe.net:8080/job/kademlia_routing_table_arm_status_badge/)|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ex67c1t4d24vwc29/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/MaidSafe-QA/kademlia-routing-table/branch/master)|[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table)|[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table)|


| [API Documentation - master branch](http://maidsafe.net/kademlia_routing_table/master) | [SAFE Network System Documentation](http://systemdocs.maidsafe.net) | [MaidSafe website](http://maidsafe.net) | [SAFE Network Forum](https://forum.safenetwork.io) |
|:------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|

## Overview

Kademlia Routing Table implementation.

Commit message:

docs/update: add more detail to README and update links
This adds license and contribution paragraphs to the README and also updates changed URLs.

README.md, after:

# kademlia_routing_table

**Maintainer:** Andreas Fackler (andreas.fackler@maidsafe.net)

|Crate|Linux/OS X|ARM (Linux)|Windows|Coverage|Issues|
|:---:|:--------:|:---------:|:-----:|:------:|:----:|
|[![](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/kademlia_routing_table)](https://crates.io/crates/kademlia_routing_table)|[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table)|[![Build Status](http://ci.maidsafe.net:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=kademlia_routing_table_arm_status_badge)](http://ci.maidsafe.net:8080/job/kademlia_routing_table_arm_status_badge/)|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ex67c1t4d24vwc29/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/MaidSafe-QA/kademlia-routing-table/branch/master)|[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table)|[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/maidsafe/kademlia_routing_table)|


| [API Documentation - master branch](http://docs.maidsafe.net/kademlia_routing_table/master) | [MaidSafe website](http://maidsafe.net) | [SAFE Network Forum](https://forum.safenetwork.io) |
|:------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|

## Overview

Kademlia Routing Table implementation.

## License

Licensed under either of

* the MaidSafe.net Commercial License, version 1.0 or later ([LICENSE](LICENSE))
* the General Public License (GPL), version 3 ([COPYING](COPYING) or http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the
work by you, as defined in the MaidSafe Contributor Agreement, version 1.1 ([CONTRIBUTOR]
(CONTRIBUTOR)), shall be dual licensed as above, and you agree to be bound by the terms of the
MaidSafe Contributor Agreement, version 1.1.
